Update OTel Custom Instrumentation Pages (#22967)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/go/otel.md

Datadog combines these OpenTelemetry spans with other Datadog APM spans into a single trace of your application.

## Adding span tags

> Add custom tags to your spans allows you to attach additional metadata and context to your traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add custom tags to your spans to attach additional metadata and context to your traces.
```

// Set an attribute, or a tag in Datadog terminology, on a span.
span.SetAttributes(attribute.String(ext.ResourceName, "test.json"))
```

## Adding tags globally to all spans

Add tags to all spans by configuring the tracer with the `WithGlobalTag` option:

```go
// Here we can leverage the Datadog tracer options by passing them into the 
// NewTracerProvider function.
provider := ddotel.NewTracerProvider(
ddtracer.WithGlobalTag("datacenter", "us-1"),
ddtracer.WithGlobalTag("env", "dev"),
)
defer provider.Shutdown()

// Use it with the OpenTelemetry API to set the global TracerProvider.
otel.SetTracerProvider(provider)

// Start the Tracer with the OpenTelemetry API.
t := otel.Tracer("")
```

## Setting errors on a span

To set an error on a span, use the `setStatus` method like this:

```go
// Start a span.
ctx, span := t.Start(context.Background(), "span_name")

...
// Set an error on a span with 'span.SetAttributes'.
span.SetAttributes(attribute.String(ext.ErrorMsg, "error_message"))

// ALternatively, it is possible to set an error on a span via end span options. 
EndOptions(sp, tracer.WithError(errors.New("persisted_option")))
sp.End()

```

## Adding spans

> Unlike other Datadog tracing libraries, when tracing Go applications, it's recommended that you explicitly manage and pass the Go context of your spans. This approach ensures accurate span relationships and meaningful tracing. For more information, see the [Go context library documentation][16] or documentation for any third-party libraries integrated with your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other Datadog tracing libraries, when tracing Go applications, Datadog recommends that you explicitly manage and pass the Go context of your spans. This approach ensures accurate span relationships and meaningful tracing. For more information, see the [Go context library documentation][16] or documentation for any third-party libraries integrated with your application.
```

```go
package main

import (
    "net/http"

    "gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1/ddtrace/tracer"
)

func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    span, ctx := tracer.StartSpanFromContext(r.Context(), "post.process")
    defer span.Finish()

    req, err := http.NewRequest("GET", "http://example.com", nil)
    req = req.WithContext(ctx)
    // Inject the span Context in the Request headers
    err = tracer.Inject(span.Context(), tracer.HTTPHeadersCarrier(req.Header))
    if err != nil {
        // Handle or log injection error
    }
    http.DefaultClient.Do(req)
}
```

Then, on the server side, to continue the trace, start a new [Span][2] from the extracted `Context`:

```go
package main

import (
    "net/http"

    "gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1/ddtrace/tracer"
)

func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    // Extract the span Context and continue the trace in this service
    sctx, err := tracer.Extract(tracer.HTTPHeadersCarrier(r.Header))
    if err != nil {
        // Handle or log extraction error
    }

    span := tracer.StartSpan("post.filter", tracer.ChildOf(sctx))
    defer span.Finish()
}
```

## Trace client and Agent configuration

> There are additional configurations possible for both the tracing client and Datadog Agent for context propagation with B3 Headers, as well as excluding specific resources from sending traces to Datadog in the event these traces are not wanted in metrics calculated, such as Health Checks.

Reviewer: I wasn't sure how to break this up, but here's my suggestion. 

```suggestion
There are additional configurations to consider for both the tracing client and Datadog Agent:
- Context propagation with B3 Headers
- Exclude specific resources from sending traces to Datadog if you do not want to include these traces in metrics calculated, such as Health Checks.
```

Datadog combines these OpenTelemetry spans with other Datadog APM spans into a single trace of your application.

## Adding span tags

Add custom tags to your spans to attach additional metadata and context to your traces.

```go
// Can only be done after the setup steps, such as initialising the tracer.

// Start a span.
ctx, span := t.Start(ctx, "read.file")
// Set an attribute, or a tag in Datadog terminology, on a span.
span.SetAttributes(attribute.String(ext.ResourceName, "test.json"))
```

> ## Adding tags globally to all spans

Reviewer 2: To match DD API headings
```suggestion
### Adding tags globally to all spans
```

Add tags to all spans by configuring the tracer with the `WithGlobalTag` option:

```go
// Here we can leverage the Datadog tracer options by passing them into the 
// NewTracerProvider function.

> provider := ddotel.NewTracerProvider(
> ddtracer.WithGlobalTag("datacenter", "us-1"),
> ddtracer.WithGlobalTag("env", "dev"),
> )

Reviewer 2: Updating whitespace
```suggestion
provider := ddotel.NewTracerProvider(
	ddtracer.WithGlobalTag("datacenter", "us-1"),
	ddtracer.WithGlobalTag("env", "dev"),
)
```

defer provider.Shutdown()

// Use it with the OpenTelemetry API to set the global TracerProvider.
otel.SetTracerProvider(provider)

// Start the Tracer with the OpenTelemetry API.
t := otel.Tracer("")
```

> ## Setting errors on a span

Reviewer 2: To match DD API headings
```suggestion
### Setting errors on a span
```

To set an error on a span, use the `setStatus` method like this:

```go
// Start a span.
ctx, span := t.Start(context.Background(), "span_name")

...
// Set an error on a span with 'span.SetAttributes'.
span.SetAttributes(attribute.String(ext.ErrorMsg, "error_message"))

// ALternatively, it is possible to set an error on a span via end span options. 
EndOptions(sp, tracer.WithError(errors.New("persisted_option")))
sp.End()

```

## Adding spans

Unlike other Datadog tracing libraries, when tracing Go applications, Datadog recommends that you explicitly manage and pass the Go context of your spans. This approach ensures accurate span relationships and meaningful tracing. For more information, see the [Go context library documentation][16] or documentation for any third-party libraries integrated with your application.

```go
// Can only be done after the setup steps.

// Here we can leverage context.Context to pass in Datadog-specifc start span options,
// like 'ddtracer.Measured()'
ctx, span := t.Start(

> ddotel.ContextWithStartOptions(context.Background(), ddtracer.Measured()), "span_name")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	ddotel.ContextWithStartOptions(context.Background(), ddtracer.Measured()), "span_name")
```

span.End()
```

> ## Asynchronous traces

Reviewer 2: Matching DD API headers
```suggestion
### Asynchronous traces
```

When working with asynchronous or concurrent operations, it's important to ensure that traces are properly propagated and connected across different execution contexts. Here's an example of how to create and manage asynchronous traces:

```go
func main() {
	ctx, span := t.Start(context.Background(), "main_op")
	defer span.End()

	go func() {
		ctx, asyncSpan := t.Start(ctx, "asyncOp")
		defer asyncSpan.End()
		performOp()
	}()
}
```

> ## Distributed tracing

Reviewer 2: Matching DD API headers
```suggestion
### Distributed tracing
```
